README.md, before:

# Timesheets
 A program that can keep track of working hours of employees. By logging start- and end-times the program is able to determine how long the employee has worked, en at what times the employee has clocked in and out.

 ```
 This program is not intended to be used by real businesses. 
 This is just a fun project I've been working on and is not meant to be used in practise.
 ```

## Getting Started

The application can be downloaded as a .jar file from the build folder. The application can then be launched by opening a command line and typing:
```
java -jar Timesheets.jar
```
## Prerequisites

The program is built in Java 8. In order for the application to work, a working installation of Java version 8 or higher is therefore necessary.

## Special Thanks

* **Program Icon** - Adapted from [Skoll](https://game-icons.net/1x1/skoll/atom.html), under [CC BY 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
* **JDBC SQLite Driver** - by [Taro L. Saito](https://bitbucket.org/xerial/sqlite-jdbc/downloads/), under [Apache License Terms](https://bitbucket.org/xerial/sqlite-jdbc/src/default/LICENSE)
* **SpinnerTemporalModel** - Adapted from [Darryl Burke](https://sites.google.com/site/anglogoa/), from [Java Tips Weblog](https://tips4java.wordpress.com/2015/04/09/temporal-spinners/)

## Authors

* **Danick Triantis** - Creator and Developer - [CaptainKills](https://github.com/CaptainKills)

Commit message:

Added Command Line arg support
Debug Mode can now be enabled trough command line. Version and help can now also be seen from command line.

README.md, after:

# Timesheets

 A program that can keep track of working hours of employees. By logging start- and end-times the program is able to determine how long the employee has worked, en at what times the employee has clocked in and out.

 ```
 This program is not intended to be used by real businesses. 
 This is just a fun project I've been working on and is not meant to be used in practise.
 ```

## Getting Started

The application can be downloaded as a .jar file from the build folder. The application can then be launched by opening a command line and typing:
```
java -jar Timesheets.jar
```
The program also has a few command line arguments that can be passed trough, such as:
```
--version	Prints program version
--help or -h	List all possible launch configurations
-debug or -d	Enables debugging mode (prints logs to command line, etc)
```

## Prerequisites

The program is built in Java 8. In order for the application to work, a working installation of Java version 8 or higher is therefore necessary.

## Special Thanks

* **Program Icon** - Adapted from [Skoll](https://game-icons.net/1x1/skoll/atom.html), under [CC BY 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
* **JDBC SQLite Driver** - by [Taro L. Saito](https://bitbucket.org/xerial/sqlite-jdbc/downloads/), under [Apache License Terms](https://bitbucket.org/xerial/sqlite-jdbc/src/default/LICENSE)
* **SpinnerTemporalModel** - Adapted from [Darryl Burke](https://sites.google.com/site/anglogoa/), from [Java Tips Weblog](https://tips4java.wordpress.com/2015/04/09/temporal-spinners/)

## Authors

* **Danick Triantis** - Creator and Developer - [CaptainKills](https://github.com/CaptainKills)
